# 1.06

## Joseph Holtkamp

Once again, it is late so I will keep this short. This so far has been the most suprisingly difficult leg of this project to date. Admittedly, I do not start each section of the project until the week of their due date and that is my fault, however, I always stick it out and do my best before the sun comes up. This week, I had imagined that it would be simple: returning to the safety of OOP and file IO. Boy was I wrong. Firstly, on tuesday, I spent well over 6 hours of my day struggling with multiple inheritance as I attempted to make PC and NPC subclasses of Character and break down NPC into each of it's subclasses so that they could all implement their own movement function. Eventually I gave up on that as the point of this project is not inheritance, but rather data parsing. 

Foolishly, I saved the data parsing to the last day allotted. It went alright but I learned for saving the data in classes that I should put them in lists and iterate over them to print. I also learned that to print, I need to override the << operator as a 'friend' method which was quite confusing. Additionally, I don't know where in my code but I believe that it was the use of the iterator that caused me to need to implement copy constructors for all of my data classes. When it came to breaking apart the arguments of the CSV, I had more issues. Specifically, that strtok doesn't respect empty pairs such as ",," which caused me many segmentation faults. Eventually, I used some C++ code from either stackoverflow or cppreference to tokenize the data strings. All of this was for not as even with my class headers included in a header file included in poke327.cpp, I recieved more error messages. In my final effort, I copied all of my code from my data.cpp file and pasted it into the poke327.cpp file just to make the darn thing work so that I can turn it in as I will be doing shortly. Thank you and good night. 
